Hi guys, Korean Movie Recapped here. Before we
start, WARNING! Spoilers Ahead! Today, I’m going
to recap the final part of the Squid Game series.
In this part, 2 last games will be played. The
committee and sponsors of the game will also
come to watch the game as the final unfolds.
So, who will bring all the prize money? Who is the
person behind the crazy games? Let’s find it out.
After surviving the game, the players are
surprised to see the Woman sleeping on her bed
peacefully. Since no one was going to partner up
with ther, she is escorted back by the masked men
as the rules imply. On the other hand, the Front
Man continues his search for the infiltrator.
He commands the masked men to be on watch since
the Game’s VIPs are coming to watch the finals.
The next day, the VIPs arrive and the Front
Man greets them on behalf of the Korean host.
Aside from sponsoring the game,
the VIPs also bet on the players.
Meanwhile, the Policeman looks for a chance to
expose the VIPs and collects some more evidence.
Before starting the fifth game, the players are
asked to wear numbered vests. The number on the
vests will decide their order in playing the
game. The players pick the middle numbers first
in hope that they will have a greater chance of
surviving. Due to his indecisiveness, Seong is
left with number 1 and 16, the first and the last
order. Initially, Seong wants to take number 1,
but the other player begs him to give him
number 1 because he doesn’t want to be the last.
As a result, Seong takes the last number. After
wearing their vests, the players are led to the
arena. A tall bridge with glass footholds lays
in front of them. The glass footholds are made of
2 materials, a normal glass that will break when
stepped on, and a strong tempered glass that will
not break. Within 16 minutes, they have to cross
the bridge safely, starting from number 1 to 16.
Being the first player means that they have
to choose the foothold correctly to live,
while being the last player means that they
have to cross the bridge within the time limit.
One by one, the players take their turn and fall.
Some are able to take 2 steps, while most of them
are only able to take one step. As the time
goes, some players become impatient and push
the players in front of them. When the Mafia is at
the front, he doesn’t want to stake his life and
stays at his foothold. Annoyed with his actions,
the Woman holds the Mafia’s body and intentionally
falls with him. As the game continues, only
4 players left in the arena. Turns out,
the foremost player was a glass manufacturer
and can differentiate between the glass types.
However, when he is about to identify the last
foothold, the Front Man turns the lights off
to make the game more difficult. When the time is
almost up, Cho pushes the player to save himself.
As a result, Cho, the Thief, and Seong
become the winners of the fifth game.
The glass footholds are blown up and some of
the fragments shatter and hit the players.
In the VIP room, the Policeman disguises
himself as a waiter and serves the VIPs.
When he brings a drink to a VIP, their eyes
meet and the VIP takes a liking to him.
The Policeman is brought to the VIP’s bedroom
to further serve him. The Policeman decides to
blow his cover and points his gun at the
VIP and interrogates him about the game.
He also records all of the evidence with this
phone. After getting all of the evidence he needs,
the Policeman sneaks away from the arena to save
himself. He uses diving equipment without knowing
that a tracker has been planted. With a radar,
the Front Man chases him to an isolated island.
The Policeman tries to send the evidence
to his superior but receives no signal.
He walks up to a higher place but still with no
luck. The Front Man corners him to a cliff and
tries to negotiate with him. Unbeknownst to him,
the Front Man is actually his long-lost brother
who he has been searching for. He asks for his
brother’s reason, but is shot down the cliff.
In the hall, the three finalists are invited
to a proper dinner as a reward. Despite being
a finalist, the Thief is actually dying due to a
glass fragment stuck on her belly from the last
game. She uses her worn down clothing to slow the
bleeding and decides to bear the pain. During the
dinner, Seong and Cho finish their meal, while
the Thief barely touches it due to her pain.
While the masked men are cleaning the plates,
a small knife is left on each of the players’
tables. When the night comes, Seong tries to kill
Cho because of his actions during the last game.
However, he is stopped by the Thief,
saying that he is not a killer.
She also asks him to promise that he will
take care of her little brother if she dies.
Upon realizing that the Thief is bleeding,
Seong calls for the masked men to treat her.
Suddenly, the door opens and the masked men come
in with a casket. Turns out, Cho has stabbed the
Thief to death. That incident enrages Seong
and he vows to kill Cho in the final round.
The next day, the finalists will play Squid Game
for the final round. In this game, Seong as the
attacker has to invade Cho’s area to win the
game. Even though the game looks complicated,
violence of any kind is allowed. Seong immediately
attacks Cho with his knife, and strangles him.
Their fight intensifies as rain drenches the
arena. At one point, Seong lets his guard down
and Cho stabs his leg. However, Seong fights back
and corners Cho. With the knife in his hand, Seong
tries to stab Cho but doesn’t have the heart to
do so. He decides to win the game without killing
Cho. Upon realizing that the loser will be killed,
he tries to leave both the game and the prize
through a vote to save Cho. However, Cho kills
himself and asks Seong to take care of his mother.
After the incident, Seong is declared as
the champion and wins the 45.6 billion won.
Seong is sent back to his residence with
a debit card containing the prize money.
Despite his wealth, he is saddened due to his
friends’ death and chooses not to use the money.
He feels guilty about how he got the money and
decides to stay poor. When he comes home, he finds
that his mother has passed away. One year later,
his life becomes messier due to the frustration.
He suddenly receives the mysterious contact card
with an address and time on it. Upon arriving at
the agreed time and place, he is surprised to see
the Old Man laying on a hospital bed. Turns out,
the Old Man is actually the game’s Korean host and
he participated to enjoy his last moments in life.
He also admits that he and the other VIPs make
the game because they are bored with their wealth.
They can only enjoy themselves by watching
people killing one another for the money.
Due to his frustration, Seong is infuriated
after hearing the confession. However, the
Old Man emphasizes that the players participate
based on their own consent. He made the rules to
ensure free-will of the players in participating.
Then, he also thanks Seong for playing with him
during his last moments. After thanking Seong,
the Old Man passes away due to the disease.
After meeting the Old Man, Seong decides to accept
his new life and use the prize money. He picks up
the Thief’s little brother from the orphanage and
entrusts him to Cho’s mother. He also gives a part
of the money to her to fulfill his promise to Cho
and the Thief. In the end, Cho decides to catch up
with his Daughter in America. However, he sees
the man who recruited him into the game, trying
to round up new participants. He takes the contact
card away and calls the Front Man to threaten him
to stop the crazy game. Still not satisfied with
the Front Man’s reply, he abandons his trip to
America and is determined to uncover the game so
that no more innocent lives will be lost again.
Subscribe to watch more videos like this,
turn on notifications, and leave a like
and comment to help the channel out. Thank
you for watching, and see you, next time.